This is the explanation file foR coro.h/.c

	A coroutine is, in essence, part of every thread in a multithreading (and
single threading...) system (note that likewise, each process innately has at
least one thread). Coroutines, when explicitly supported, allow cooperative
multi-tasking behavior, which is usually what they're considered desirable for.
Moreover, that multi-tasking can be obtained with relative simplicity: in the
case of this coroutine system, the only MANDATORY functions are cocontext(),
cobuild(), and coyield(), though coconclude(), coclean(), and coro_getaux() are
provided for extended functionality. The particular approach used in this system
is the setjmp()/longjmp() version, as I concluded that t offered the most
flexibility.

	To use this coroutine system reliably, you must restrict your use of all
other coroutine functions to threads that have called cocontext(), but haven't
returned from it yet. BEWARE, the use of things like Shadow Stacks and other
stack-protection mechanisms can interfere with the usage of coroutines if a
coroutine library doesn't integrate with them, and this system doesn't currently
make ANY attempts to integrate with such systems: beware, using this system on
computers using those systems can easily lead to unpredictable behavior.
	cocontext() initializes a per-thread coroutine structure that CANNOT be
reliably accessed by other threads: don't resist this, just leave it to it's
initial thread, if you really want to toss coroutines from one thread to another
then you can (and should) just use "secondary coroutines" for that instead. A
notable difference from other coroutines is that these thread-tied coroutines
ARE NOT guaranteed to be part of their stacks, while the secondary coroutines
ARE allocated on their associated stack. cocontext() takes a void pointer, and a
function pointer that returns an int (which in turn will be returned by
cocontext() ) and takes the same void pointer provided to cocontext().
	cobuild() builds & initializes "secondary coroutines", before returning
those coroutines. In order to do anything meaningful with the other coroutine
functions, you MUST obtain a secondary coroutine from cobuild(), so that they'll
have at least two coroutines to interact with. cobuild() returns an int, and
takes:
	1) a desired-size for the stack (note that the ACTUAL size WILL BE LARGER,
		as it will include padding for alignment AND data elements that are
		required for the implementation: you as the user are expected to
		consider your own needs, but are not expected to consider this system's
		needs);
	2) a void pointer;
	3) a function pointer that returns a void, and takes a pointer to the
		new coroutine's "header" and the void pointer provided to cobuild, which
		will be your "main fuunction" for the coroutine;
	4) a uintptr_t that will be stored in the coroutine "header", and will be
		accessible via coro_getaux() whenever the coroutine is your thread's
		active-coroutine;
	5) a function pointer that returns an int, and takes a pointer to the new
		coroutine's "header" and the uintptr_t stored inside of it, which will
		be expected to be your coroutin's "cleanup" function, since a coroutine
		CAN be destroyed without returning to it's "coroutine-main"; and
	6) a pointer TO A POINTER to a coroutine-header, so that it can be used by
		cobuild() to return the new coroutine's header address to the caller.
The initialization of the new coroutine's stack & associated data is performed
by cobuild() and it's "static" support functions, so the you don't have to worry
about doing that yourself: you mostly have to worry about whether you need the
conclude-function to do anything, so if you find some case where it would be
worth doing then try to turn that into some sort of library.
	coyield() switches the current thread between coroutines. It returns an int,
and takes a single pointer to a coroutine-pointer that will be used as the new
coroutine for the current thread. Note that it VERY MUCH depends on cocontext()
having been run, as static variables that it uses might not have otherwise been
initialized. It is expected that you will generally WRAP coyield() in other
functions, so that those functions can perform additional tasks (such as making
arguments available to the destination coroutine).

	There are also the auxiliary coconclude(), coclean(), and coro_getaux()
functions, of which all but coro_getaux() are actually used in this system for
standard behaviors.
	coclean() returns a void and takes no arguments. It's used to free the
memory that cobuild() DIRECTLY allocates for a secondary-coroutine after a call
to coconclude(), and is automatically triggered by coconclude()'s usage of
coyield() when invoked from the same coroutine as is being deallocated, but can
be harmlessly invoked in other cases if for some reason that is desired.
	coro_getaux() returns the uintptr_t associated with the current thread's
active-coroutine, and takes no arguments. It's intended for user-specified
purposes only, and isn't used by the coroutine system.
	cocollapse() is the singularly most important of the auxiliary coroutine
functions. It returns a void, and takes a pointer to a coroutine-head, a pointer
to a coroutine-body (an address that can be obtained from the header's
->lastbyte_a or ->lastbyte_a members), and a pointer to a conclude function (as
described in context with cobuild() ) which MUST match the value in the header's
->conclude member: note that some future version of this coroutine system will
likely entirely eliminate the second & third arguments, as they can be entirely
(and correctly) derived from the first argument. cocollapse() oversees the
invocation of the provided coroutine-header's ->conclude function, and then sees
to it that the coroutine's memory is deallocated, invoking a coyield() to the
thread's initial-coroutine if the provided header is the header for the
currently active coroutine. cocollapse() will decline to do anything to the
current thread's initial-coroutine, BUT BEWARE that some execution environments
MAY make the thread-specific data of multiple threads visible to each other, in
which case cocollapse() will NOT know that the continuation in question isn't
available for deallocation: this can result in bugs, so you should be careful
about explicitly calling cocollapse() at all.



Uses:
	A fairly common use-case for coroutines is to wrap non-blocking IO with
blocking-style interfaces by using a yield inside the interface(s), thus
allowing you to replace spin-locks & similar with actually useful work. Beware
that you must understand if a single function might be called from multiple
other coroutines, before you can adequately determine how it should use yield.
	The Actor-model can be built on top of coroutines, particularly by using the
coro_getaux() function to obtain the address of a per-instance structured-data
instance. Note that in this case, it's best to use a pointer to a data element
allocated on the coroutine's own stack as the "handle" instead of the coroutine-
-header's address, to make use of what little type-safet that C provides.
	A limited form of Functional-style functions and OOP-style objects can be
created in a similar style to the Actor model.
	Note that you cannot PROPERLY create continuations without a bit more effort
than is implemented here: particularly, there's some need for at least some
stack-copying behavior.
	"Full" Blueprint-style OO can be created by using a coroutine to hold the
Blueprint elements, thereby allowing e.g. TCC to be used to add new types, and
simply differentiating Blueprint instances from other instances of the 
"fundamental" data structure by having each instance point to the shared
Blueprint instance, and if that matches the instance's own address then
following the Blueprint path instead of the normal one.
	Widgets ala widget-platforms can be built on top of the Actor, Functional/
/OOP, or Blueprint applications.
	Forth-style DOES> (or, I suppose, ;CODE) routines can be approximated with
this system, particularly with additional assembly-code or a switch-based
bytecode-interpretter.
	A fairly full FORTH system can be built by using a closure-trampoline-style
loop-function with the setup described for Actors instead of bare-metal
programming.
	If you can implement FORTH on top, you can implement e.g. BASIC on top.
